This is the 11th version of a file that works, at least on some files, as long as you have a partial word/document.xml. The original sample file I was successful with oddly no longer opens in Word 365, so they are possible adding further security guardrails to Word. Anyway it might work for your file so give it a try. Use Google Chrome or Microsoft Edge to try to make it work, although if you only trust Opera, Vivaldi etc., it might work in those too.
The way this program works is it repairs the zip and then uses a custom zip deflator that impressively Gemini 3 Pro came up with. It doesn't use the ordinary JavaScript deflators.
The program then repairs the XML file in a similar way as XMLlint. Presumably it gets rid of nonsense corrupt open tags at the end of the truncated word/document.xml and then adds correct file ending tags to make it a good XML file again.
The script then rezips the leftover good XML files back into a DOCX one. If there are other XML subfiles that are corrupt, they are thrown out as unnecessary for the DOCX content.
Note some corrupt DOCX files end up sometimes with more than one word/document.xml. Im this case you are given a choice to throw out one of the files, make separate DOCXs each containing a document.xml extracted from the corrupt double document.xml original. Or you can try to have the script concactenate the two document.xml files into one new DOCX. The last choice doesn't always work, so the safest choice is to make two (or actually more than two if there are 3 or more document.xml files) separate files.
